# Design-of-Self-Assembling-Peptides-with-User-Defined-Constraints
Data for Design of Self-Assembling Peptides with User-Defined Constraints

This repository contains the data associated with the paper "Design of Self-Assembling Peptides with User-Defined Constraints" (H. Wang et al.), submitted to Protein Science.
## Repository contents

### /PepAD design results/
This directory contains PDB files for the 12 peptide designs (Pep-1 to Pep-12) generated by the PepAD algorithm.

### /PepAD initial structures/
This directory contains the initial structural templates used in the PepAD design calculations:

- `Structure-1.pdb`: manually packed poly-alanine fibril backbone. This structure was used to design peptides with compositional constraints in Section 2.1.

- `Pep-1-3C`, `Pep-2-3C`, `Pep-3-3C`: Pep-1, Pep-2, and Pep-3 with site 3 mutated to cysteine. These structures were used as the initial structures for iteration 1 of the positional-constraint design in Section 2.2.

- `Pep-4-12L`, `Pep-5-12L`, `Pep-6-12L`: Pep-4, Pep-5, and Pep-6 with site 12 mutated to leucine. These structures were used as the initial structures for iteration 2 of the positional-constraint design in Section 2.2.

- `Pep-7-4A`, `Pep-8-4A`, `Pep-9-4A`: Pep-7, Pep-8, and Pep-9 with site 4 mutated to alanine. These structures were used as the initial structures for iteration 3 of the positional-constraint design in Section 2.2.

### /DMD simulations/
This directory contains the DMD simulation results for Pep-1 to Pep-12 at 316, 328, 340 K.
For each temperature, the result includes the (1) final structure ('run0034.pdb'), (2) a snapshot image ('run0034_1.png'), and (3) the β-sheet content change vs. time ('bsheetvst.txt')

### /MD simulations/
This directory contains atomistic MD simulation results for Pep-1 to Pep-12 at T = 310.
Each folder includes (1) a final structure file, (2) RMSD change vs. time ('rmsd-mass.txt'), (3) secondary structure change vs. time ('secondary structure.txt').
